what's up guys amazon oh and as we all
know quickscoping does not work in black
ops as it was left because trout cover
worst community manager than the stealth
clown that infinity ward had but um
don't worry having seen a video of the
amazing customization options in black
ops i have realized how i can still host
open lobbies with ciphers that will be
fun and we can record the nice game
winning kills though admittedly the game
and kills will be slightly less
impressive if there were the sniper but
you will see why the first thing is i
can make sure that everyone's using a
sniper by doing this so if you have a
joint open always to be a dick i'm run
around with a regular gun and get kicked
then good luck with that now the only
thing you can really do if you want to
be a dick and I don't know why I'm
telling you this but you probably figure
it out is that I I can't turn off the
use of special needs so I just set it as
concussion here because I wasn't really
sure of which one would be less annoying
if someone was sparing them like a dick
but I went with concussion and you will
see what um well I just let you know
basically you can alter how the perks
work and so I did was edit steady aim so
they only had a five percent spread
which essentially means that no scopes
are very accurate Mary damn accurate so
we won't have to quickscope because
quick screaming doesn't work but we will
just play nice khopoli games and also
blessed knife and tomahawk so just know
Kirk killcams won't be impressive in the
lobbies as there is a weapon spread of
five percent so for game when it goes
we'll be looking for blessing knifes
tomahawks or a trick shot with a sniper
so like fakies or 360 s i'm still a good
and you could probably like
so scoping with them because you can
like open and then drag it around a bit
and probably that's not one of like
corrected itself from the nerfing by
then so here's me just setting up the
options that I think would work for an
open lobby if you have anything against
these options let me know just put a
three second time to it because it's
probably I'm gonna go over that I said
the bomb timer is really really long the
diffuse the plant I was really really
long and a few summers really really
short because you're not supposed to
plant the moment open lobbies the point
in playing Search and Destroy is that
there's only one life when you get
killcams Williams do that so it is round
so every round which is which I
personally think it should be online and
eight rounds I usually let people will
play a single game so as soon as one
thing gets to eight rounds the game's
over and then I go load a new people in
and yet as you can see the crosshairs
are in very very small earlier earlier
area which makes no sleeping extremely
accurate and removes the need for the
scope so it's fairly awesome and you can
we can still host black ops open hobbies
which should be extremely enjoyable you
saw there I tried to Crisco been on his
head and it ended up going like at the
fence and it was just generally
ridiculous and here I just fire five no
scopes at the mannequin across the map I
didn't actually see his head come off
from a distance but when then when I
walked up to my notice yes I did those
go piss head off they have your comment
whether you're thinking this is good or
we should try and do fail quickscoping
that is that so yeah thanks for watching
be sure to LIKE the video as I can host
awesome open lobbies and I will see you
guys later